privacy.reduceTimerPrecision: fix typo. (#25442)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/animation/currenttime/index.md

## Reduced time precision

To offer protection against timing attacks and [fingerprinting](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Fingerprinting), the precision of `animation.currentTime` might get rounded depending on browser settings.

> In Firefox, the `privacy.reduceTimerPrecision` preference is enabled by default and defaults to 20ms in Firefox 59; in 60 it will be 2ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Firefox, the `privacy.reduceTimerPrecision` preference is enabled by default and defaults to 20 microseconds in Firefox 59; in 60 it will be 2 milliseconds.
```
